Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hello?
I… I can… I can barely hear you.
What?
Where?
I've been asleep for a day?
The entry mentioned a plague.
which Gerrie connected to 1702.
And with that.
we are able to deduce that the journal
belonged to Sarah Westcott Warren.
And. um…
- Here.
- Oh.
Thank you.
We thought maybe the cursed item might
be buried with Richard Warren.
So Wyck suggested we dig him up.
And so. we did just that.
You-You did what?
We dug up Richard Warren's coffin.
You dug up the founder's corpse?
- Yeah. it's over there.
- Yeah. it's here.
Are you out of your fucking minds?
All right. just listen
to what she's telling you.
- Oh. my God. He's in there?
- No. He's upstairs.
- We moved him.
- Mm-hmm.
Why. um…
Whoa. Why-Why did you move him?
Because he's still alive.
What?
But we have been able
to communicate a little through notes.
What?
Richard Warren is in that room.
He's waiting for you.
- Hmm.
- What do you me…
Why would he be waiting for me?
He will only communicate with the "Lord
Island Protector." We assume that's you.
Yeah. look at this. See this?
Huh?
Yeah. Yeah.
You go in there
and get him to tell you
how the fuck to open this thing.
- No!
- No. no. no! No!
Don't…
Don't try to do it yourself.
Get him to do it.
Here.
I'll give you two your privacy.
Oh. I forgot one thing.
You-You-You can talk?
Aye.
How. um…
How are you still alive?
I was tricked by a devil
and betrayed by my lessers.
But an evil power sustains me.
What-What do you mean?
Is that… Is that what this is?
Is it?
Ca-Can… Can you open this?
Loosen these.
Sure. yeah. Um… I mean…
Well. I can… I can l-loosen them a-a bit.
Yeah. l-let's…
Yeah. let's get those off you.
What is this?
I thought it was my salvation.
We couldn't even find vermin
to sate our hunger.
Some ate the corpses.
others gorged on dirt.
I was contemplating how to end my own life
with my own hand when I saw it.
Sorry. forgot my purse.
What. um…
What was it you saw?
A simple morsel of food.
A mushroom.
I thanked God.
But something else came to me.
Wh-What was it?
A demon?
The island itself?
But I was starving.
and it was starving too.
The covenant was offered
for my settlement's salvation.
and I signed that pact
with my own blood. feces and semen.
What did you offer in return?
If I had refused.
none of you would be here.
Maybe that would've been better.
Oh. it's easy to judge when
your island is flourishing around you.
Flourishing?
My son is stuck on a fucking hell rock.
I think it spoke to me.
Oh?
Did you follow it?
No.
What did it want?
It knows frightened men
will do desperate things.
What does that mean?
I want to see my children's things.
Every second in that coffin.
I imagined their deaths.
Sarah.
Oh. so sad.
Oh.
As long as there are men with my blood.
you are bound to the covenant.
But I am the last.
What are you saying?
Take me out to sea.
past the point where sailors fear.
Once I am beyond its grip.
without the hex upon me.
I believe I will age and die.
With my bloodline gone.
my death will free the island
from its curse.
First of all.
we don't know that this will kill him.
There's only one way to find out.
Second of all.
the island's not gonna let him go easy.
It's dangerous enough out there.
At sea. at night.
let alone sailing with weak men.
And no. I'm not talking about him.
Anything can happen out there.
The fact that you don't know that
tells me how dangerous this really is.
Last night…
I felt a presence.
I did.
I don't know what it is
and I don't know what it wants.
I know we have to end it.
I know we have to try.
He's not on my boat
unless he's in the goddamn coffin.
Um…
W-W-Wyck will take us out.
B-But there will be people on the dock.
So I have to ask. would you be w-willing
to get back inside the coffin?
Just… Just until we're on the boat.
- Just until we're on the boat.
- Yeah.
Yeah. Okay.
Tom.
Oh. shit.
What's he doing here?
Someone may have reported my screaming.
Let me talk to him.
What? H-H-Hold on. Hold on.
Tom.
I got this.
Well. Patricia strikes again.
Lost my keys. found my keys.
It was great to see. uh…
Have a good night.
All right. You too.
- Yeah.
- You…
You should just go home.
Patricia.
Come here. Get out of my Jeep.
What the hell are you doing?
Patricia.
Come here. Get…
- I swear to God…
- Oh. my God.
Patricia.
what the hell are you doing?
You better listen. Patricia!
Stop this! Sto… Stop this!
Come here!
Let's go.
Lot of fishermen learn the hard way
that you don't go too far from the island.
It's like our own Bermuda Triangle
out there.
So. we'll stop two minutes
before we get to this line.
That's the dead zone.
Crossing it will trigger this light.
Beyond this buoy. people like me
don't tend to come back.
Anyway. I'm gonna stop the boat
at the two-minute mark.
You can put him on the dinghy from there
and take him the rest of the way yourself.
Is-Is two minutes cutting it too close
for you?
You won't be able to row
on that thing much longer.
Let's get him past the buoy and
send him to hell so we can end all this.
The devil has hovered over this city.
made it his own.
The people in it are his.
Evil has triumphed over good here.
Look at my church.
I have no parish…
I have… I have weed. If you… If you want.
We-We just have to smoke it outside.
Your dad isn't coming home soon. is he?
No. no. no. Not for a while.
Good evening. Good evening.
What's his deal?
I don't know. I…
I used to think that
he was scared of everything.
But now I just think he's a liar.
Wanna find out?
Is his room upstairs?
Kelly. um… Okay. Um…
Leave Whitewood tonight. I beg of you.
- What power?
- Leave before it is too late.
Kelly. I don't… I don't…
I don't think that we should go in there.
If he's really lying to you.
he can't punish you.
It's called the moral high ground.
You're not taking me in?
No.
'Cause I can't listen to this all night.
But I'm at my wits end. Patricia.
Getting all kind of weird calls now.
Fucking pulling people out the ocean.
I need to know what the hell is going on.
I don't know what you mean.
Oh. Oh. I think you know
exactly what I mean.
And I know you loyal to Loftis.
but people are talking.
forming some kind of
action committee or some shit.
and hey. I can't blame 'em.
Nobody's been able to reach the guy
for the last 24 hours.
They just don't understand
what he's doing.
Well. make me understand what he's doing.
Huh?
Because if I don't.
it's dangerous for myself. my wife.
and every person on this island.
I can't.
They told me not to cause a panic.
Oh. Jesus Christ.
What might I panic about?
Come on. Patricia.
You know I've always been on your side.
…approximately one mile
to the island. Low visibility.
What? What is that?
The island playing games.
Make sure…
Make sure that coffin is secure.
I'm gonna check below.
Who goes there?
Hello.
I know it's you.
Please.
Say something.
- I feel like I'm suffocating!
- Everything's fine. Just…
Just take deep breaths.
Thank God. Oh. thank God.
God bless you.
Are you going to let me out now?
Look. I can't. And I-I-I am… I'm so sorry.
- It's what you promised.
- Yes. I-I know.
I… I realize that. but I…
and I am… I am so sorry.
Oh. fuck you.
- Fu-Fuck me?
- Yes. I said. "Fuck you."
Fuck you!
Fuck me? Fuck you!
Fuck off.
Are you still here?
Uh… He-He's… He's asking to be let out.
I will never understand
how the fuck you got your job.
Why are you even bringing this to me?
- He hasn't asked for much. He...
- Yeah.
It starts as one thing and then another.
I am not letting that thing loose.
Nah. you can't trust a man
that knows death's coming for him.
Well. it-it's hard...
Yeah. well of course it is!
Course it fucking is!
Here.
My best friend. Mark Doyle.
and his sister.
My girl. Gerrie.
Gerrie Doyle?
That's right.
M-Museum Gerrie?
That's the one.
Gerrie Doyle from the Historical Society?
- I said that's the one.
- Sorry.
I was just 16.
It was a bad time on the island.
So the island's on lockdown.
There's curfews. uh… people going missing.
The perfect time for a fishing expedition.
Me and my four buddies.
we decide to steal a boat.
get it out on the white waves.
test our mettle.
Yeah. Yeah.
It struck from below at first.
Struck hard.
This thing was big.
It was gonna tear the boat apart
in seconds.
And then I hear Ricky say he saw…
saw a tentacle.
Just like that. we become little boys
again screaming for our mothers.
and I…
…and I'm… I know
I-I-I-I gotta get outta there.
You know. before the whole thing sinks.
Before we're dragged into its mouth.
And. so. I start to swim off.
And that…
that's when I felt it grab my foot.
I was so scared.
I mean. it's… it's pulling on me.
and I'm trying to get away.
And then I realize it's Mark.
begging for help.
And now.
we're both getting pulled under and I…
and I see that thing below him.
We're both getting dragged down.
and I… and I…
I kicked him off me.
Kicked him off me.
Wyck. that wasn't your fault.
I only told you that story so that
you'll listen to me one fucking time.
Do not let him out!
I-I-I already let him out.
He can barely stand.
Goddamn you to hell.
Yeah. Yeah.
Oh. Yeah.
Oh.
They only lock it if there's a secret.
Is that your mom?
She was so pretty.
I thought you said
she died during childbirth.
She did.
I knew her.
Well. this is sadder
than I thought it'd be.
I thought it'd be like a fun secret.
Yes. so my theory is
that the island corrupts.
And maybe that's
what would've happened to me.
I would have just been
another horrible incident in our history.
Who can say?
Okay. yeah. I know what that sounds like.
I… I get it.
Patricia's crazy. That's… That's fine.
Yeah. I'm out.
Do you believe me?
I just don't care to find out.
Didn't like it here before
and don't like it much more now.
Well. I really have only told you
the half of it...
And guess what?
I'm good.
See. I'm-I'm-I'm good.
I don't need nothing.
I don't need the other half.
Do me a favor.
Why don't you give my friend. the mayor.
my week's notice.
That's it.
- Huh?
- Okay.
And. uh… feel free to help yourself out.
- The damn thing's broken anyway.
It might be fine tomorrow.
Yeah. well. uh…
That sounds promising.
Mmm. And good luck to you all.
- Thank you.
- Mm-hmm.
You know that one. Wyck?
Uh-huh.
We're getting close.
Get the dinghy ready.
I wonder what my last words will be.
Will I think of my children?
Hmm. Something trivial?
Some petty grievance?
Will I think of my mother?
Or will I say. "Please. God.
let me live"?
You know. if-if I made it to 60.
I'd be more than happy.
No. no. no. no. no…
Let's keep going.
We're gonna need a different plan.
You son of a bitch! Give me that!
- I wanna live!
- Give me that!
Let go of me. you giant bear!
Let me go. you fucker!
I'm gonna make you eat my dick!
Goddamn it!
Get the harpoon! Now!
I don't wanna die!
- Get him in the coffin!
- No! No. no. no!
- Stay there.
- There!
Let me live!
Lay down!
I don't wanna die!
Oh. thank y...
Let me live!
Shit. Shit.
Shit.
Damn it.
Wyck!
- I thought you were dead!
- Yeah?
- Then what are you doing down there?
- I-I was… I was looking for flares.
Yeah. so they can find you? Damn it all.
This shit…
Why did you move that?
You did good.
Thank you.
I did very fucking good.
Wait. did you check the coffin?
Oh. yeah.
Just a lot of ribs and Vienna sausage.
At least he's done singing.
Huh. yeah. perfect.
You kicked my suitcase down the stairs.
- you clubfooted moron.
- It just fell. Excuse me. it fell.
You have castoring rollers on the bottom.
which are a menace.
This is the worst inn I've ever stayed in.
- Good. Then you can leave.
- You smell like cabbage took a shit…
- That's…
- …in a baby's diaper.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-